[Music]
the people that are left
well they've become
another kind of people weren't ever
Gillian Murphy plays Emmet his talent is
so good at all times we couldn't wait to
have him jump in our world the beauty of
Killians character was that there's so
much loss in his life he doesn't feel
the need to be a part of any community
he is shut down unwilling to help
frightened fearful done that encounter
they have in their tiny little space is
incredibly charged and incredibly
intense I can't help you
he's actually a representation of the
rest of the world there's a darkness to
him and there's a fear level to him that
makes him unpredictable
you don't know damn that's what we're
trying to create it that the audience
goes oh my god what would I do if I was
in that situation I was just blown away
by it
you
[Applause]
[Music]